= Redmine Stuff To Do Plugin

The Stuff To Do plugin allows a user to order and prioritize the issues they are doing into a specific order. It will also allow other privileged users to reorder the user's workload.

== Features

* Sorting and prioritizing of cross-project To Do lists
* Easy to use drag and drop interface
* Editing other user lists for Administrators
* Filtering of issues based on user, priority, or status
* Notification emails based on low issue counts

== Getting the plugin

A copy of the plugin can be downloaded from {Little Stream Software}[https://projects.littlestreamsoftware.com/projects/list_files/redmine-stuff-to-do] or from {GitHub}[http://github.com/edavis10/redmine-stuff-to-do/tree/master]


== Installation and Setup

1. Follow the Redmine plugin installation steps at: http://www.redmine.org/wiki/redmine/Plugins  Make sure the plugin is installed to +vendor/plugins/stuff_to_do_plugin+
2. Run the plugin migrations +rake db:migrate_plugins+
3. Restart your Redmine web servers (e.g. mongrel, thin, mod_rails)
4. Login and click the Stuff To Do link in the top left menu

== Usage

There are three panes that can be sorted:

=== What I'm doing now

This pane lists the next 5 issues a user is supposed to be working on.  These issues should be the *most* important issues assigned to the user.  As the user closes an issue, the items lower in the list will rise up and fill in this pane.

=== What's recommended to do next

This pane lists up to 10 extra tasks for the user.  These tasks are used as overflow for the What I'm doing now.

=== What's available

This pane lists all the open issues that are assigned to the user.  They are the pool of issues that a user can draw on as they work on issues.

=== Workflow

The standard workflow for this plugin is as follows:

1. A user will drag issues from the What's Available pane to the What I'm doing now and What's recommended to do next
2. Once 15 issues have been dragged (5 Now, 10 Next) the user would prioritize and sort the issues in order of importance
3. The user would use the rest of Redmine and work on the #1 issue
4. Once the #1 issue is complete (or blocked) the user would continue and work on the #2 issue

If the user is an Administrator, they have the permission to edit other users' lists.  This allows them to act as the system Project Manager.

== License

This plugin is licensed under the GNU GPL v2.  See COPYRIGHT.txt and GPL.txt for details.

== Project help

If you need help you can contact the maintainer at his email address (See CREDITS.txt) or create an issue in the Bug Tracker.  The bug tracker is located at  https://projects.littlestreamsoftware.com

